docs(volume): add volume size troubleshooting section (#1192)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.2/nodes-and-volumes/volumes/volume-size.md

1. **Retaining** the maximum number of replicas that have written the same amount of data.  
This avoids massive replica rebuilding operations, allows for efficient rebuilding when node disks recover from out-of-space issues and ensures that users can still read data consistently.
2. **Marking** other replicas as **ERR** to prevent data corruption.  
This ensures that users can read data consistently from retained replicas, and replicas marked as `ERR` will be rebuilt from retained replicas to maintain data integrity when node disks recover from out-of-space issues.
3. **Maintaining** volume accessibility even when all underlying disks are full.

For example, if replicas A, B, and C encounter space errors after writing 1MB, 2MB, and 2MB respectively, replicas B and C (having written the most data consistently) will remain active while replica A is marked as **ERR**.

> ### Check And Recovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Solutions
```

Author: Updated title from `Investigate Volume Filesystem and Node Disk` to `Solutions`
Thanks.

- **Check volume filesystem usage**

    ```bash
    df -h /mnt/your-volume
    ```

- **Check Longhorn node disk usage**

    ```bash
    # Check through Longhorn UI: Node -> Node Disk
    # Or check the data path mount point

>     df -h /var/lib/longhorn # default data path

Author: Added the purpose of the checks
Thanks.

    ```

> 
> #### Recovery
> 

Reviewer: `Recovery` is a bit weird. Find a better title. cc @sushant-suse 
```suggestion
#### Recovery
```****

  1. Scale down the workload.
  2. Remove unnecessary files, for example, [orphaned replica directories](../../../advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup#orphaned-replica-directories) and [used backing images](../../../advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image#clean-up-backing-images), on the disk or expand the disk size.

>   3. Then scale up the workload.

Reviewer: Reorganize the titles

Author: Modified to `Investigate Volume Filesystem and Node Disk`
Thanks.

>   2. Remove unnecessary files on the disk or extend the disk. For more details to clean up the Longhorn files, see [Orphaned Replica Directories](../../../advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup#orphaned-replica-directories) and [Clean up Useless Backing Images](../../../advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image#clean-up-backing-images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Remove unnecessary files, for example, [orphaned replica directories](link) and ..., on the disk or extend the disk. 
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

### Solutions

When encountering the `no space left on device` error, first check whether the volume’s filesystem is full, and then check whether the disk hosting the volume replica is full.

- **Check volume filesystem usage**

    If the volume's filesystem usage is 100% using the following command:

    ```bash
    df -h /mnt/your-volume
    ```

    Please expand the volume or remove the unnecessary files in the filesystem first.

- **Check Longhorn node disk usage**

    If the disk usage is 100% using the following command or checking the Longhorn UI page `Node > Node Disk`:

    ```bash
    # Check through Longhorn UI: Node > Node Disk
    # Or check the data path mount point
    df -h /var/lib/longhorn # default data path
    ```

Please follow the steps to recovery the workloads:

1. Scale down the workload.
2. Expand the disk or volume size, or remove unnecessary files, for example, [orphaned replica directories](../../../advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup#orphaned-replica-directories) and [used backing images](../../../advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image#clean-up-backing-images), on the disk.

> 3. Then scale up the workload.

Reviewer: indentation

```suggestion
    Please follow the steps to recovery the workloads:

    1. Scale down the workload.
    2. Expand the disk or volume size, or remove unnecessary files, for example, [orphaned replica directories](../../../advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup#orphaned-replica-directories) and [used backing images](../../../advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image#clean-up-backing-images), on the disk.
    3. Then scale up the workload.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

- Example

    ```bash
    $ df -h /mnt/longhorn-volume-example-dir
    Filesystem                    Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
    /dev/longhorn-volume-example   12G   12G    0  100% /mnt/longhorn-volume-example-dir
    ```

#### Node Disk Full

The node disks do not have enough space to accommodate volume operations, because volumes are thin-provisioned and the replica sizes on the node disks continue to grow.

- New file creation fails with "no space left on device" errors.
- Volume operations, such as volume creation/expansion, snapshot creation/deletion, and replica rebuilding, may be limited.
- Replicas of a newly created volume are prevented from being scheduled to affected nodes.

- **Characteristics**
  - Applications cannot write new data to the volume mount point even though the volume is not full.
  - Longhorn operations for volumes on these node disks, such as replica creation, rebuilding, or snapshot operations may fail.
  - Volumes with replicas sharing the same node disks are affected.

##### Data Integrity Protection for Disks Out-of-Space Scenarios

> When multiple replicas encounter "no space left on device" errors simultaneously, Longhorn implements data integrity protection. If all writable replicas are on disks that are out of space, the system preserves the maximum number of replicas that have written the same amount of data (the highest written bytes count). This ensures data consistency by:

Author: Added the explanation at the following item 1. Thanks.
